you would up this is actually gonna be a
product review
I'm not morally opposed to doing product
reviews but it is rare that I have
anything really unique to say and I try
not to say things that have already been
said on the Internet as you're about to
see I've been through a lot of different
vegan protein products lately and the
fundamental reason is that these guys
keep changing their recipe so this is
Vega Vega sport um they changed their
recipe for what this stuff is made of
approximately once a year oh gee oh I
can move the books around have this on
camera alright yeah this will work um so
almost anything that people tell you
about this product goes at a date really
quickly if I had made a review of this
two years ago it would be completely
different from last year or now I can
remember about three years ago they had
a recipe that really worked for me but
just before that it was completely
different they made a big change this is
a protein supplement that actually used
to be hemp based so I'm guessing that
was like four years ago now then they
got rid of the hemp they switched up the
ingredients and since then they have
both reformulated this every year and
they have reformulated the competing
products that go along with it so the
the bad news for me is I could digest
last year's formula fine and this year I
can't
there's no point am I getting into the
details but you know it's a mix of P
protein and pumpkin seed protein a bunch
of other stuff and the bottom line is
for me subjectively it's impossible for
me to figure out which ingredients or
what it is about the processing of the
method that makes it a digestible last
year this brand was a good brand for me
this year it isn't but it's more
complicated than that because for
instance at the same time they put out a
competing product this is the same brand
Vega
this is their protein and greens product
it's the same except it's different now
you can get into the different marketing
reasons for why they have why the two
the two products in the brand are
slightly different from each other I
really tried to make this work for me
but I can't digest it I'll say a little
bit more about my digestion again I
don't universalize about these things
you know it's recently come up if you
have Crohn's disease don't come on the
internet and give people advice as if
your own digestion as if your own
situation is normal if you have celiac
disease don't come on and give advice as
if the same problems you offered when
else normal and these guys though so
this is the current formula and again
this stuff would have been different
last year or two years ago so any review
you're gonna get for this brand Vega
there's almost nothing I can say except
try it for yourself once every a year
and a half and see if it works for you
if you're interested if you find it at a
good price because it might be a good
product for you or it might be terrible
go to their current line this is the one
that I can digest but here's where it
gets tricky so the first two containers
I showed you those are actually
dedicated protein supplements of protein
plus greens is a few other vitamins in
it but this is different Vega one is
meal replacements and vitamin
supplementation so this is not just
protein this is trying to provide you
with all of your vitamin D vitamin K
vitamin b6 vitamin b12 magnesium a
little bit of selenium not enough
selenium actually iron calcium so this
is a broad supplement not just
containing protein problematic and more
ways than one
what if you do more than one dose a day
right you got to wash that so this I can
digest again I mean you know who knows
why the difference in the ingredients
list or how its processed for the type
of
of protein you're getting but this
contains a mind-altering drug called
matcha some people were announced at
maca spelled ma CA and that is actually
a drug that very little research has
been done on I'm not here to hate on it
Matt maca root or match our root I have
looked up scientific studies on it but
simply it's not that important for
Western science to research what its
effects are mentally physiologically and
otherwise so it currently really falls
under the unknown heading it may be that
that matcha root is much healthier for
you than caffeine
I'm totally one who set that but it
lists it as an ingredient and doesn't
actually give you a dosage so I emailed
them and asked and they told me that
this contains 1,000 grams of matcha root
per serving per scoop now a heavy dose
of matcha root people who really want to
get high on that stuff they will do
4,000 per day four thousand milligrams I
think it's I think it's milligrams not
my crimes per day case a lot of the
prepackaged stuff that'll be a dose of
four thousand as opposed to 1000 um now
I have used this and I noticed the
mental effects and that's why I wrote
them an email saying how much how much
matter what do you have in this stuff
kind of like I mean if you just used it
before going out on a Saturday night I
think you'd have no problems I do think
it is a mild mind-altering drug matcha
root but is that something you wanted
these seven days a week
my answer is definitely not and some
people of course feel that it messes up
their sleep pattern or has other
negative effects on them or could have
you know just emotional effects any
anything that's a stimulant matcha root
most of the scientific studies they saw
on its effects on memory that she made
your memory perform better your ability
of recall things the past your ability
to learn things of the future
bottom line is this something you want
to be playing with maybe you want to
play with that one day a week maybe one
day a month I do not think anyone should
be taking this as a daily supplement
that's right that's my honest opinion
but you can try it and as I say out of
the Vigo line this year that's the only
one I can digest and I don't want to use
it because of these these other reasons
the other stuff that's in it now only
for this reason Oh stuff is starting to
really stack up here this year I've
ended up trying a lot of other brands
cuz these guys kind of let me down
roughly one year ago I could just buy
their normal plain protein and I could
digest it okay and there was no problem
for me they changed the recipe as
mentioned and now I had to mess her on
with other stuff I doubt anyone outside
of Canada will know this brand here's in
Manitoba Manitoba harvest organic hemp
protein I can't digest it is not a you
know again I do the normal thing all
this stuff put in a blender with bananas
if it works for you I'm happy for you
it's not cheap and not easy to digest
again I have I have absolutely no smudge
this is a straight brown rice protein
there's no point even really mentioning
the the brand but this is just a
straight organic sprouted brown rice
protein concentrate with no other
ingredients nothing else to mix it up
probably this would be fine to bake with
you know a lot of people use this stuff
in like baking muffins we're making some
kind of high-protein bread but putting
that into a glass of water or putting it
into a smoothie I can't digest it um
once you know you get into mind tricks
with yourself I wanted to believe in
this brand this is iron vegan what what
a concept I bought this because the
vegan brunette endorsed it and if you
live in Canada the price is pretty good
for the quantity it has a lot of
quantity in this bag the the you know
the price that the counter is not
cheaper than the other brands but I
think it's a it's a full yeah it's full
kilogram instead of 750 grams or 8-under
grams
so the value for money in Canada is okay
I can't adjust and I really try I really
wanted this to work out for me you know
the the ingredients list looks good and
again brown rice protein has some quinoa
in there as some millet and pumpkin
seeds I wanted to believe in this
product but if I used this I would have
indigestion all day results may vary
I'll mention something a poem is just I
can't universal eyes this is just why
I've tried so many products this year
it's ridiculous and last but not least
when I had really given up hope I
finally found one brand this is also
made in Canada this is genuine health
vegan proteins plus they make two
different vegan proteins products this
is vegan proteins plus their other one
is it's not worth explaining their other
one is it has more of a broken down
protein supposed to be even easier to
digest this works great for me
and what and again you could from the
ingredients list I could I could
absolutely never guess yeah so this is
yellow pea kernel protein isolate is the
number one ingredient but it has some
brown rice protein so oh it has some
potato tuber protein so again it's a mix
of vegan protein sources this one works
so great for me and if they think the
difference can be subtle because
whatever two years ago or something I
could eat vigas fort and today they've
changed the they've changed the
ingredients for the 10th time or
whatever and I can't and this to from
year to year even if you weren't reading
the ingredients label they do change the
style of the packaging a little bit
every time the changed ingredients and
just scooping it out you notice the
difference in texture this is now quite
powdery you could accidentally inhale
this and in the past had more of a thick
clumpy texture so for me personally this
one this one that was the only one I
would buy woo so it's kind of hard to
give advice on this stuff I suspect that
I have an intolerance to oat
protein if I ever eat oats I have
indigestion for several hours
that is not diagnosed by any doctor and
when you look into it that is one of
those health conditions that's so
trivial that there's very little
research about it and very little
medical interest because nobody dies the
effects aren't that serious but you know
even then you trick yourself mentally
like in the past if I if I ate oatmeal
and I poured soymilk on it and then I'd
have indigestion for hours and I think
boy that's soy milk that must have gone
bad like there was something wrong with
that soy milk I've got to get rid of the
Sun and years and years went by before I
even occurred to me that I didn't
obviously I didn't eat oatmeal regularly
just once in a while I would try to eat
something made of oats I didn't even
know there was I didn't know this
concept existed that some people could
not digest oatmeal now now that I know
that and now that I pay attention where
I eat it really does seem to me that I'm
I'm oatmeal intolerant that I can't eat
I can't eat oats and when I look into
that you know the chemicals in oats the
types of protein types of chemical
structures in oats that that some people
can't digest they're not only in oats
they're found in other stuff and also if
you eat a tiny quantity of it it's not
like being allergic to a bee sting
doesn't really affect you that much so
it's like well in terms of this stack of
protein mixes maybe four people maybe
four other people all of them are easily
digestible I don't know this is again
the problem with anecdotal approaches to
science and health advice I can just
tell you I've tried a ton of these
protein supplements and the bottom line
is I use them because they make my life
easier they make it easier for me to get
my work done get up in the morning and
go to school without cooking a meal and
if I move back to Asia I might stop
using protein supplements entirely where
it's easier for me to live a life that's
based on rice green vegetables potatoes
and other sources of food but here in
Canada boy
let me tell you I am really dependent
on this stuff in my diet and I don't
even have access to some of the soybean
products that I had in Europe in Europe
there is excellent
yogurt vegan yogurt made out of soybeans
and other stuff so for now these plastic
containers will be keeping me company